hey guys how are you that another video
more than extreme micro now wolf
that's how it was and then we another house one
Well, very nice cabin
and so
it has another
a cheerful something more fun not only
this house well the house obviously
well
a skeleton incorporated the lie
I added one more an adventure map
that here you can start from here
if they can not remove it and ignore it
If they clean them, they already know what they're going
consist of him
in which this is said he
the adventure map is very good a
sword
I want a sword
of these swords ours at the moment
sword
yes a sword
I like one of those
and show that the supplies
I 'm going
and that's it
here are supplies so that you already train
to the adventure bus
and that I can tell you more
well here it is from here it starts to
improve the adventure
from there below it is
and well, that there is a hut
so nothing
and nice the ceiling use well
Well, well, inside, because you will see me
A) Yes
They can put something else not
stress as their in also their
creatives
and good
I will make you read the book so that I do not
I'm going to put in
in creative the best of zombies and
others others
news from minecraft city is searched 63
miners
it resonates to me like here it is only known that
they went to mine and they did not leave again
that mine
they say that mine in that mine
forgive my mistakes
in that mine they found classes never
seen so they closed good really
in this fear and spelling I think what
I do not remember when I did it well
recently obviously yes but I think that
was the afa I do not know is that I think it was
the rapidity of that fear of me being
forget
the plan that the story of d
the system for adventure then never
previously seen is that it will be determined by
very high toxic gases and qriocity and
ready and then they would just have to
get in
to the mine
and it's called I'll do it has to
download looks
what can there be or what can there be that
there may be
and well
that's all I hope you like
the cabin and well nothing that's all
and then enjoy yourself on the map of
adventure so you want to play and nothing until
three guys say goodbye wolf wow
wow wow
no no no no